Pydantic is completely different library. 

Once we create new post we want to return the data back to whoever send that request API. 
How to instert new entry in database. 
How to delete a entry from database. 
How to update pre-existing row. 
Update based on a condition


Now we will focus creating user functionality. 
Handling user Registration. 
We have to define our model. or create to talbe in Mysql database 
That going to hold our user information. 
Since we are using sql alchemy we are going to create a new orm model
just like we did for post so we can define what our mysql table ultimatly looks like. 
Let's create a new class that i'm gonna called it user. 
First we have figure out what are different column that we need. 
We are going to handle Registration by user provding email address. 
- A column where we can store emial (type string, check emial varification, No null, should be unnique)

- Password (str, not null )
- id (unique id)

Hashing the user Password. 
Within Fast API doc we have a article that tell how to do that.


Next Router - That allow you fetch user based on their id. 
One of them is it can be part of authentication depends on how you setup the frotent. 
If you are using JWT token to setup to cookies then the frontend may not weather it logged in or not. 
a lot time you'll see some of the api has endpoint to let you kind of retrieve information about your own account. 
If you're able access it that mean you are logged in if not you need to fetch a new token. 
Take a example of X. you need to retrieve if you want to view a user profile. 
you have setup router so people can retrieve someone profile information. 
Just for now setup router so you can retrieve information about specific information based on their ID. 


We are keep adding more more path operation that seems unmangeable. to keep everything in main.py file 
Instead what i want to do. I want to break it out. I want to create two seperate file. 
one file gonna be all of the routes or path operation that work and deal with post
and i want seperate file that will handle all the path operation working with users. 
and it's not quite as simple as just moving these path operations to different file. 
we do have to learn about something specific to fast API. And this is nothing unique about fast API. 
You gonna see that every single web framework is going to have a way to kind of accomplish this. 
and it usually involves something called routers. So we'll take a look at routers in this sections and how we can 
use them to actually split up all of our path operation so that we can organize our code little bit better. 

We gonna create new folder and call this routers. 


Create a group that handle all the post operations. 
A seperate group that handle user based operations.

To add a group name it actually called tags 


One small change when it comes to retrieving the user's credentials in our login router
instead of of passing it in the body, we're going to use a built in utility in the Fast API. 


Now its time varified that token is still is valid. 


Mausham@gmail.com
Mausham@143

Get current user function from oauth2. 
get_current_user just calling verify_access_token function. 
But the idea behind this get_current_user is once the verify access token returns the token data, which is the ID, the get_current_user
function should actually fetch the user from database. that way we can attact the user to any path operation, and then 
we can perform any necessary logic. 


-- Relationships 
Whenever we see a good post on internet. Next thing we see. Who created this post.
So every post is ultimately associated with the user account that created that post. 
How do we know what post created by what user. This is where relational database really start to sine. 
The idea behind a relational database is that you set up these realationships between tables. 
So we need to setup some kind of special Relationships between the user's table and post table. 
We create an extra column in our post table. and setup a special foregin key. 
foregin key is how we tell sql this column here is connected to another table. 
This is refer to one to many Relationships. (Because one user can create multiple post. However, a post can only associated with one user. )


Because we are coder so we are not going to give to user to provide owner_id. 
actually just grab the ID from the token, and then use that as the field.


User can only able to delete their not others post. 


We want to see their user ID. All the post we retrieve we have to send second query to 
retrieve what is information for user with an ID of 23. and combine all the data 
and figure out what post belong to what users. and what is their specific username. 
Now with Sqlalchemy we kind of set it up 

Now go to the model and setup a Relationships. 
This gonna tell Sqlalchemy fetch some piece of information based on our Relationships. 


You'll often see ? marks whenever you are searching for things. everything to the right of that 
is what's reffered to as query parameters. 

A query parameter is an optinal key value parameter that appears to the right of the question mark. 
This query parameter allow us to filer the kind of request. 
We want to retrieve post that 2 hour old. 

Now what i want to do. I want to let the user be able to kind filter down on the post. 
that they want to see. 
First i gonna to specify how many post they want to retrieve together. 
I want 10 posts. 100 posts. 


Now allow the user to skip result. 
if you want to send more than one query parameter. we just do the n keyword and we provide next 
key value pair skip = 2 

%20 which means space in your URL. 